#### How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
 - In order to write a program that is maintainable, readable, and adaptable it’s important to include all the steps and process of how to step up the program, which tools are needed like for example. in this project, you would need python, an IDE, and mongodb. Then it’s important to provide all the step a user would need to setup the project such as how to get to database on the computer, how to setup admin access, and how to get the database dashboard to show and run. By using CRUD it makes it a lot easier to reuse the functions and allows for better scalability for a bigger project.

#### How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

  - I approached this problem by breaking down all the request made by the company and implementing the request part by part. This means adding the logo first, then adding a href url into the logo next, then adding the button, next add the queries and then finally working on the pie chart. This approach with building and adding to a project slowly allows me to add to a project slowly, work step-by-step, this can help me know when a project is breaking which part of the project is breaking. This allows me to troubleshoot slowly without having to rebuild and tinker to figure the aspect of my project that needs fixing. I will definitely use this approach to solve all my future project as it help with keeping me on track while also building slowly at a time.

#### What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

-	Computer science build, develop, and analyze a program for their customer. Depending on the project computer scientists can help will building a working application or create and analyze data from a spreadsheet. This is useful and important because when a set of data is given, it’s hard to fully understand and visualized the set of data when it’s just in a spreadsheet format. Computer science can help with graph and plotting the data which makes it a lot easier to understand and use the data.
